bpo-39164: errors: add and expose _PyErr_GetExcInfo (#17752)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/C API/2019-12-30-10-43-52.bpo-39164.WEV0uu.rst

> Add ``_PyErr_GetExcInfo`` to retrieve exception information about any running thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a private ``_PyErr_GetExcInfo()`` function to retrieve exception information of the specified Python thread state.
```
